now anything like this everybody see the
underwater logs and stuff that's what
we're looking for in the creeks
underwater underwater stumps I put my
polarized glasses up to the lens of my
camera and saw that without my polarized
I couldn't see that little lob just
sitting there barely again polarized
glasses are a must they're only fifteen
dollars I go through a pair of mine just
I scratch them and lose them fly off the
boat but when we're fishing stuff like
that just a log it's the same thing take
the bobber I always carry two rods I got
one that looks just like this with no
bobber and then one with a bobber okay
so then I could come up I see a little
log under there do the same thing sit
there and dig all along that raw all
along the brush logs everything anything
you can see those the crappie are going
to be sitting on it if you see I mean
even a old coke can that sunk on the
bottom if there's no structure around
there'll be a few fish holding on that
coke can if you can see the bottom
clearly you're fishing too shallow
you'll be able to see the fish so don't
fish too shallow yeah they can see you
too and another thing I wear this shirt
when I fish almost every time it's the
color the sky I even changed my hat to a
light blue hat because they can see you
if you're wearing something like that
they're going to see you walk up to them
especially the shallow water creaks
because when you're walking you're
walking this fast those fish can they
see movement so the boom they look up
and they can see you next time you're in
a pool put some goggles on and look
straight up at you can see everything
everything you can see everybody so my
recommendation though again is for pound
line if you can get away a four-pound
line you'll catch more fish